Whack-a-mole: This game will generate a board with 5 black ovals, each of which will be a hole in which a mole object can randomly 
appear out of, each one being controlled using a thread. This program will use only one mouse event handler, mouse clicked; if the mouse 
is clicked over one of the mole objects while it is on screen, a new image of the mole will be drawn, showing it has been whacked, and will 
go back in its hole, and the player’s score will increase. If the player does not click on the mole in time, it will begin to go back in 
it’s hole. The player will also be able to adjust the amount of time they can play using a JSpinner and choose how fast the moles are using 
a JComboBox. Major milestones will be getting the frame code done, getting the moles to be active, getting the game to basic functionality, and adding additional features so that is more than basic. We plan on having sounds for when a mole is hit and missed. Also plan on changing the mole image when hit or missed.
One of the most important milestone is the mouse events. We have to make sure that the moles do what we want and not be hit when a mole next to them is hit or when they are not above ground 

Pool: This project will be a 2-player game of pool, in which the user must hold and drag the mouse in order to determine the strength at which to hit the cue ball (similar to Problem Set 4 except the line is drawn from the ball to the mouse instead of the ball being where the mouse is). Once the cue ball is launched, it will be able to collide with all of the other balls on the screen. If any of the player’s balls make it into a hole, it will be removed from the table and be shown on the side of the screen. If the cue ball makes it into the hole, it will be redrawn in the middle of the table (unlike in a real game of pool where the other player can place it anywhere on the table). If the 8-ball makes it into a hole and the player that shot it in still has balls on the table, that player loses. If the 8-ball makes it into a hole and the player that shot it in does not have any balls on the table, that player wins. Once the game is over a message box will appear on screen to tell who won the game and ask for a rematch. If the user clicks “yes,” a new game will start, and if the user clicks “no,” both the message box and game window will close.
A milestone for pool will be figuring out all the physics and keeping track of the players turns and scores. The physics is very key because without it the game won't work.

Schedule: April17-19 during the weekend we're going to get into a call and layout the projects and try to find a good approach.
          AFTER that weekend we're going to actually start coding Whack-A-Mole and hopefully finish it within that week and begin Pool.
           After that week we'll finish up the pool game or at least make it presentable for May 1st.
